"I go to the big cities for my holidays; Blackpool usually, or London. I got family in London.",
"At the top there’s a monument to a man who was burnt to death for his religious beliefs.",
"It’s rubbish, there’s nothing to do. Pembroke’s better, there’s more stuff to do, I’ve got more friends there.",
"In the 1400s people would still hear Flemish spoken in the town. the Welsh people would stay outside of town.",
"Over five years it's got worse rather than better, from the empty shop perspective.",
"It’s great down the skate park.",
"Most councils would love a centre like ours. Send them a picture and say ‘How would you like to have a village that that?'",
"It's getting better.",
"It's sad to see the empty shops.",
"The majority of people are friendly.",
"It's getting run down, three years ago the main street was bustling. It takes the heart and soul out of the place.",
"It's got character. It's laid back.",
"It's sad to see the empty shops.",
"The economy is difficult.",
"King Charles I or II married a local girl, Lucy Walton, but she (conveniently) died before he became King.",
"It's a quaint little place.",
"They have quite a decent little market.",
"Narbeth just feels different. Haverfordwest is more mainstream.",
"Ocky White's; when it closed he said ' we just can't compete.'",
"It's a lovely place, but the out-of-town takes people and shops out from the centre.",
"The council building is in the prime spot, on the river.",
"It's a bit dead.",
"The out-of-town could have been connected.",
"People said how lovely it was about the river.",
"It's lovely. We thought it was only one street, then we went down to the river.",
"The river makes it. It keeps the place alive.",
"Nice place!",
"Some Saturdays it's heaving.",
"There are lights for the evening, they stay on 'til ten. People stay as as long as they can.",
"I want a bigger skate park!",
"I don't want an indoors skate park, because you'd have to pay and there would be more rules.",
"It's a fun place.",
"Got fun and nice people. Although some people can be a bit feisty.",
"In The Courts it's tough and there's druggies. But round here it's nice.",
"In The Courts there are some nice people.",
"In Haverfordwest we've got the secret of eternal youth!",
"Rates on this building were about £60,000 per year. The council decided to have out-of-town shopping.",
"This was a very busy waterway.",
"It was the busiest port in Wales.",
"I can remember the railway bridge used to open and let boats through.",
"It’s a very lovely run along the river, along the villages and Hook.",
"The archives have moved.",
"The castle, that's how Oliver Cromwell left it!",
"Next to that blue building on the other side of the bridge was the iron works.",
"I heard that someone jumped off the bridge.",
"Down river there's a big stone. That's the boundary. It's amazing. Local people don't go but lots of visitors come.",
"This water development. It's all in the last 40 years.",
"Some people say there's ghosts in the tunnel by Morrisons.",
"At Christmas time it's nicely decorated.",
"Opposite here, years ago, there was an iron works.",
"We've got photos of boats up there.",
"The mayor of Haverfordwest does 'Beating the Bounds'. He inspects the boundary of his parish. On a nice evening it's lovely.",
"We've got the castle and the river.",
"There's still Clarks.",
"Haverfordwest is fading, from an economic point of view, which is sad.",
"We love the independent shops in Narbeth. People know about it.",
"It's got all the basics: nice river, scenery, castle, ancient historic town.",
"The castle, towering over the town, but nobody pays much attention to it.",
"It's better than most places. It's a fun place to live.",
"It's pretty lively!",
"It's an actual town, a good one.",
"People give Haverfordwest a bad name but it's not. It's friendly.",
"It's like back home, lots of independent shops didn't want Tescos.",
"I didn't want to bring my children up in the city centre. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else. It's near to everywhere.",
"Everyone is nice to everyone.",
"Here there are people you talk with.",
"It does get a bit violent here. There are less fights than there used to be.",
"It's alright. There's lots of shops.",
"Nice place in the Summer.",
"For the atmosphere: it's a good vibe.",
"It's a nice place to visit. It can be friendly. It can be unfriendly. More than it should be.",
"I find the commmunity in this area is quite tight and loving. There's a lot of people who care about the place.",
"It's one of the cleanest towns I know.",
"It's changed to the worse, I reckon. The castle will always remain.",
"As a kid I hated school here.",
"The out-of-town is choas for parking.",
"You overlook the Preseli Hills and the dragon's tail.",
"This was a cafe, it's closed down now.",
"It's so quiet and laid back.",
"Haverfordwest has imrpoved a lot. Like this square, it's completely change.",
"The George on Market Street is a very green restaurant and it's organic. And they have nice chocolate.",
"We don't know Haverfordwest at all.",
"Narbeth used to be run down.",
"Tuesday to Saturday is heaving.",
"If it was indoors it would be more controlled.",
"This is the civilised bit of Wales.",
"They've split the town. M&S and Boots used to be in the centre. I haven't been down this end for a long time.",
"Bridge Street is changed.",
"Years ago M&S wanted to come and they wouldn't let them.",
"Thank you for being here. You've brought me and my friend together.",
"It's quite a friendly community.",
"Better shops than Milford.",
"The sun's out in Haverfordwest.",
"Morrisons, Tescos.",
"It's become quite popular.",
"The skate park. It's better since that came. It gets people out."
