"I got involved running a charity caring for carers, Pembrokeshire Crossroads.",
"All she wanted to do was leave. She went to Birmingham.",
"I ride for Spreadeagle, a grassroots company with local projects, helping out kids who can’t afford expensive boards.",
"His father’s interested in archaeology and my grandson has followed in his footsteps. He always gives you a stone as a present.",
"We like sitting by the river bridge watching the swans, but there’s none there this year.",
"We holiday in Tenby, we come down every weekend.",
"The wives we leave to shop. We catch up on the football.",
"So from the age of six or seven it's always been somewhere to come.",
"I love the coast; Burton, it’s great for crabbing.",
"I like meeting new people.",
"I skate and do parkour.",
"The first jam was last year.",
"Up on the racecourse, go down the road, past the farm. There's a lovely walk.",
"We’re going to Tenby tomorrow.",
"We’re spending six months and deciding whether to move here.",
"My dogs have had a psychological therapist assess them to see if they are suitable to go to the Alzheimer’s unit.",
"I had an aeroplane and used to fly over to see a friend in St David’s . Then I based my plane here.",
"Been coming here all my life. Came when I was younger for night clubs, back in the day…",
"We’ve had a caravan down here for four or five years.",
"It’s a ritual, she goes shopping and he has a coffee and the dog can sit outside.",
"My sister and I were horse riders so our parents dropped us off and we’d spend most of the summer working in the stables.",
"I met my sons’ dad working at the stables.",
"I like the slower pace of life. I've got a bike. I like to have adventures. Not a lot of traffic.",
"I come here to see friends.",
"I missed the bus. I had to walk about ten miles.",
"The nice thing about that is you've got time to stop and take photos, it's quite a revelation.",
"I came from Scotland ten years ago.",
"Called S&L it sold all sorts of trinkets.",
"I'm being interviewed by artists!",
"I came to school in Haverfordwest.",
"We've bought paintings here. When each of our daughters were born we bought them a painting.",
"We often come in for a wander round on a Saturday.",
"I like slow-moving. In the city, you look down the street and all you see is heads",
"I set the museum up, bought a Spitfire as a restoration project. We finally kept it at the airfield and we managed to get a portacabin, which is up at the airfield too.",
"We’re in the X Games!",
"I’m learning to drop off.",
"I started on the Euro Gap and then the Flatbanks.",
"I tend to come here rather than Carmarthen.",
"The kids have sampled everything off the market today. They even knocked over  the cheese, so of course we bought some.",
"It’s the last day of school, just had an English exam.",
"Some of them bailed.",
"The books in the charity shops are good here. It’s an interest of mine.",
"I’ve just been up to the castle. It’s great, the kids were making daisy chains and climbing on the walls.",
"Down at the skate park it’s easy to keep the peace.",
"Here, you can sit with the dogs and be outside to have your lunch.",
"Skating.",
"Driving around at night there's hardly any cars on the road.",
"I just come in for a haircut and a shop for things that I can't get in Fishguard.",
"You go away but you can't wait to come home.",
"A lot of different coach trips come to Haverfordwest.",
"The kids in the grammer school used to have a canoe race down there.",
"I did start off coming here to do parkour. The people who sponsor me (Kinetic Body Art) told me to to make videos here.",
"My mum's got a new shop on North Street, a place where teenagers can gather.",
"One major thing is I like sitting by the river, lighting a fire and watching the wildlife.",
"I used to come here as a youth to the discos!",
"It's lovely to sit by the riverside on a day like this.",
"We don't come here socially.",
"We hang around here or at Johnston.",
"It's good for skateboarding here. There's quite a lot here. I like coming here. We get the bus up.",
"We've got our school uniforms in our bags. We came here straight from school."
