"I'd like there to be more stuff for little kids.",
"It could do with with a bit more life here, a bit more variety, more types of shops.",
"Festivals, things that appeal to more people rather than being targeted as for a particular type of people. So it's more mixed up.",
"Why don't they take the rates away from businesses?",
"The council was a shame.",
"It's a shame.",
"Who's going to have the nerve to start something off?",
"You need to be an optimist. With a forward looking council.",
"Make more of the river.",
"Carmerthen's done it well. Llanelli hasn't. It's just charity shops here. We like charity shops but not when there's just those.",
"I'd say try and see your potential. I think there's huge potential here, to be culturally and artisically distinctive, so visitors don't jsut come for the beach.",
"If there was live music I'd come more often.",
"We need a Primark and Matalan. Is there one at the top?",
"The development was a bit controversial. Out-of-town shopping should be in the centre of town. Today with the Farmers' market, that's good.",
"It's high time that Ocky White's was occupied.",
"If they kept the businesses here in the centre of town...",
"Some people didn't want M&S in town. They can see that it brings people in.",
"And the out-of-town is spoiling it.",
"You can put loads of things down if you want to but there's loads of good things.",
"I think people come here for the countryside. It's very beautiful. Local people don't appreciate it.",
"Come back in August for the Jam. They have big skate bands. It's brilliant!",
"Carmarthen has M&S and all the others in the middle. I'd like to think that we've done something towards things getting better.",
"Each time you use a different bike, you learn the tricks all over again.",
"You've got to get used to the feeling of going over bumps.",
"You can't do it if you're not mentally ready.",
"It's too late!",
"They've spoilt it.",
"They could have done so much. It's too late now.",
"Carmarthen's got it right. Incorporated the old with the new. Kept the market right in the middle of it.",
"People have to develop. You've got to accept that, but they split it. They went out of town.",
"It's got roots. It's a lineage if you pass it down. If people respected the past they'd be more grounded in the future.",
"It needs another direction to revitalise it. What that direction would be I don't know. Sad that a place that was once so bustling is so depressed.",
"It seems quite intimidating at first, 'cos there's people there, but then it's alright.",
"It's hard to learn. You have to push yourself and have a lot of balls.",
"When you know people that other people are scared of, people don't pick trouble with you.",
"If the bike's light you can go about five foot high. It's like flying!",
"You do lots of falling off!",
"Skating's like flying.",
"Confidence is the main thing."
